BUG: Fix regression on DataFrame.replace for regex (#25266)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v0.24.2.rst

- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.all` and :meth:`DataFrame.any` where ``bool_only=True`` was ignored (:issue:`25101`)
- Fixed issue in ``DataFrame`` construction with passing a mixed list of mixed types could segfault. (:issue:`25075`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.apply` causing ``RecursionError`` when ``dict``-like classes were passed as argument. (:issue:`25196`)

> - Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.replace` causing non-starting regex not being replaced. (:issue:`25259`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.replace` where ``regex=True`` was only replacing patterns matching the start of the string (:issue:`25259`)
```

Author: I am changing that now.
